[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Today
on "Beyond Belief,"
we have one of the
world's leading paranormal
investigators, a dear
friend, Joshua P. Warren.
In the field and the lab,
he experiments with methods
to attract and manifest
all kinds of things.
And trust me, he has
manifested some strange things,
including paranormal phenomena
and even good fortune.
As a matter of fact,
he did it for me.
I'll tell you that story
later on in the program.
Josh, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>JOSHUA P. WARREN: It's always
wonderful to be with you.
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>WARREN: I've been
doing very well.
I've been staying busy--
lots of new projects,
lots of experiments.
And it seems like
the world is just
becoming more and more
intrigued and fascinated
by the paranormal and the
metaphysical every day.
>>NOORY: You are based on
Las Vegas, though, right?
>>WARREN: Yes, I am.
>>NOORY: Museum?
>>WARREN: Well, no.
I don't have my museum in
Asheville, North Carolina
anymore.
We had to shut that down
because the building had
to be renovated.
>>NOORY: OK, and you did
not move that to Vegas?
>>WARREN: I moved all
my stuff to Vegas,
and so I'm planning on
opening a museum in Vegas.
>>NOORY: You're a little ahead
of the game here, aren't you?
>>WARREN: Yes, that's right.
As soon as everything
is in place,
then I'd like to open a
museum and a show laboratory
where people can come
in and I can demonstrate
some of the experiments that
I talk about on your show
and in so many other places.
>>NOORY: We're going to talk
about invisibility cloaking.
But before we do, you
sketched for me a sigil.
Explain what that is and why you
wanted me to keep it on myself.
>>WARREN: A sigil
is a magical symbol,
and these have been used by
various cultures for thousands
of years.
The symbol is almost
like an antenna
to attract a certain
type of energy.
And I created a technique
called Para-Cymatics in which we
create sigils using water.
Basically, I take a
message, something
like "I want to
attract more money"
or "I want to attract
a ghost" or "I want
to attract more vivid dreams."
And I play that message
along with a tone
in a cylinder of water.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>WARREN: It creates
patterns in the water,
and I view those patterns
with lasers, infrared lights,
ultraviolet lights.
And then I extract the
pattern it makes in the water
and illustrate that as a symbol.
>>NOORY: You take a
picture or something?
>>WARREN: I take
a picture of it.
And then I put them on
my website for free,
and I tell people, go print it
out, download it, just expose
yourself to it throughout the
day, and see what happens.
And I get the most
incredible stories
from people telling me that
it has worked attracting
everything you can imagine.
In fact, there
are people getting
these sigils tattooed
on themselves
because they're so effective.
>>NOORY: And they're wild
patterns, aren't they?
>>WARREN: Yeah,
they're very abstract,
but they are taken from
whatever mother nature showed us
in the water.
>>NOORY: Sure.
OK.
>>WARREN: So you were one of
my first experimental subjects.
I wondered what would
happen if we actually took
your name and a picture
of you and turned it
into a symbol of you to
reinforce your own energy.
Now, you said you've been
using this sigil, right?
So what's been
happening for you?
>>NOORY: Things have been great.
I've had it for about
a year now from you.
And I'm not going to say I made
a million dollar sort of thing,
but, I mean, I'm doing OK.
>>NOORY: Now, invisibility
cloaking, what is that?
>>WARREN: Well, for 28 years,
I have traveled the world
exploring strange things,
and I always hear people say,
I've got to see
it to believe it.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WARREN: The problem is
you hear people saying,
I saw a ghost then
it disappeared.
I saw a UFO then it disappeared.
I saw Bigfoot then
he disappeared.
And it's kind of frustrating
to study something that's
disappearing all the time.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WARREN: But I wondered, what
if these things, as people
often suggest, are
not disappearing
into another realm or another
place or another location?
What if they're simply
becoming invisible?
And, therefore, I started to
study just how difficult it
is to achieve invisibility.
I started looking into
invisibility tech--
very practical things that
we humans have access to.
>>NOORY: Well, Josh, you
sent us a video showing
us invisibility cloaking.
Tell us more about
what we're looking at.
>>WARREN: Now here,
of course, you
don't see anything too
distinctive, but guess what?
There is a little ghost there.
[CHUCKLES] And this is just
on a tray in my living room.
And you can see, as
we look from above,
that that ghost
is just surrounded
by some of this very
basic cloaking material
that I was able to easily
and very affordably get
my hands on.
>>NOORY: That's really cool.
>>WARREN: They go there, yeah.
There's a little flying
saucer hiding out there.
I think the next one is maybe
a little more impressive
because you don't really
see much distinct there,
but here we have a big ole furry
hulking Bigfoot standing there.
But, hey, enough of
these little dolls.
That's just for example.
Check this out.
You don't see
anything notable here.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>WARREN: But guess what?
>>NOORY: Yeah?
>>WARREN: That's me.
I hid my entire self, my
whole body behind a piece
of this cloaking material.
And to really prove the
point, I went to a busy bar
on a Saturday
night in Las Vegas,
sat right there with people
walking back and forth.
>>NOORY: Where are you?
I don't see you.
>>WARREN: And guess what?
The whole time I'm
sitting right there--
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
>>WARREN: --behind one of these
pieces of invisibility cloaking
material.
That is a passive material.
It's very affordable, and it's
surprisingly easy to obtain.
>>NOORY: Now, what about
advanced technology?
This was in a very simple term.
>>WARREN: Yes.
>>NOORY: What about if
it's just really advanced?
What can you do with it?
>>WARREN: Well, you
see, people, they often
think the invisibility
concept is something fanciful.
They roll their eyes at it.
Well, I'm showing you right
here that it's actually
incredibly easy to make
something invisible.
>>NOORY: It's
almost child's play.
>>WARREN: It really is.
You could practically
create a toy out of it.
And so when you have got
these military officials
out there who are focusing
on invisibility tech
and spending millions
and millions of dollars,
I believe they have
created invisibility
that is crystal
clear, transparent.
I mean, in what I showed you,
it had that blurry predator kind
of mirage look.
But if you talk about the
military making soldiers
and making craft invisible,
that may sound so far-fetched.
It doesn't seem possible.
But if I say, OK, well, let's
substitute the word camouflage
instead.
Well, now you realize,
this is a fundamental part
of military technology.
It's camouflage, blending
in, and I have no doubt
that we have
technology out there
that can put a human
being in your living room
and you'll never know
that person's is there
or can definitely fly
craft overhead that you
wouldn't be able to see.
>>NOORY: Josh, this reminds me
of the Philadelphia experiment,
where the navy wanted a
ship to simply disappear.
And you've heard the horrendous
story tied into that.
Possible?
>>WARREN: It's
certainly possible.
I mean, that's one
of those stories
that is still up for debate.
It's anecdotal.
But the theory is that
they were able to use
Tesla coils and
similar technology
to resonate the molecular
structure of the ship.
>>NOORY: Something magnetic?
>>WARREN: They used a
lot of different fields,
electromagnetic
resonance, in order
to almost liquefy the
solid structure of the ship
momentarily to remove
it from its place
in the visible
electromagnetic spectrum.
And they claim that
when they did that,
because it was in that
fluid sort of state,
that when everything snapped
back into a solid state,
some of the soldiers had
gotten a little too close.
>>NOORY: Half and half.
>>WARREN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And their bodies
were melded right in there.
>>WARREN: That's right.
Their bodies were merged
with an animal material.
>>NOORY: There's a
UFO videographer named
Steve Barone, and he captured a
UFO using cloaking technology.
>>WARREN: He sure did.
You're going to see
this amazing image.
And, of course, it's
funny because you're
looking at an invisible craft.
[CHUCKLES] So look at
those three lights, George.
That's all you can really
see are the three lights
on the tip of this craft.
This is a triangular craft that
is landing at Nellis Air Force
Base in Las Vegas.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>WARREN: And you
can see, again,
it's not crystal
clear because there
is a little bit of
distortion as you
look at the lights behind it.
But you can clearly
see those three lights
on the wingtips blinking
and everything below it.
And if those lights were
not blinking on the tips,
you would never
notice that thing.
If it flew right over
your head at night,
you just see the stars.
So I believe there's
no doubt this
is man-made artificial
military technology being
used to cloak a craft.
And it's possible.
>>NOORY: Our crafts.
>>WARREN: I believe,
in this case,
we're talking about
a human craft.
But it makes you
wonder, did they
back-engineer that
level of invisibility
from aliens and exotic craft
or is this just something
we developed on our own?
All I know is that
Steve Barone, who
lives on this cliff in Las Vegas
overlooking the whole valley,
he has filmed a lot of UFOs
that are obviously alien
as well as things in the
neighborhood that are obviously
advanced military.
So there's some overlap
there between what we're
doing with our current
human technology
and what we have
learned from the aliens
or how those two
inspire each other.
Maybe the aliens are just
interested in what we do,
and we're interested in what
they do, and we crossed paths.
>>NOORY: How long
have we been looking
for cloaking technology?
>>WARREN: Well, really,
since the very beginning
of the concept of
camouflage itself.
That's what it all is about.
It's just trying to blend
in and become unnoticed.
What makes this new level
of technology so unnerving
is that I did this
experiment at my house
where I took that
cloaking material
and I wrapped it
around myself so
that I was virtually invisible.
>>NOORY: Did you
develop that material?
>>WARREN: I did not.
I obtained it.
And you know what?
The material is designed
in a special way
to reflect light at
many different angles.
And I'm a little
hesitant to tell people
exactly how to get
their hands on it
because you can
see how easily this
could be abused by a criminal.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
You walk into a bank
or anything else
with this thing
wrapped around you?
>>WARREN: Oh,
there's no telling.
And I found that when I put
this thing around myself,
I had an infrared motion
detector for an alarm system
at my house and I walked past
it, it did not set it off.
So this not only
makes you invisible.
It will shield you against
a lot of the technology that
is used to detect the
presence of a physical human.
Think about how dangerous
that could be if it
fell into the wrong hands.
It makes me shudder.
>>NOORY: Now, when we talk about
spirits that we cannot see,
that they're invisible, are they
using this kind of technology
in the spirit world?
>>WARREN: I don't
think that spirits are
using this technology per se.
What I think, however, is that
this technology illustrates
for us that the
concept of invisibility
is not as rare or difficult
to achieve as we thought.
And so I don't
know the mechanism
by which these spiritual
and paranormal things become
invisible or are
affected to be invisible,
but it's not a
big stretch for us
anymore to overcome
that sort of obstacle.
How could something
appear and then disappear?
We already know that
that's not a big deal,
so we can move the
conversation past that point.
How they do it?
I'm sure it's probably in a
much more sophisticated way.
But in general, really,
all that matters
is that we manipulate the
way the human eyes are
able to perceive
the environment.
>>NOORY: Josh, tell us
a little bit about what
we're looking at now.
Daniel Hurst in North Carolina
took some video of something
in the spirit world.
Very strange.
>>WARREN: Daniel Hurst
is a friend of mine,
and he is a paranormal
investigator.
And this is one of my
favorite pieces of footage
that's come out recently.
He went to a house
that was being haunted
by an elderly woman, and
she would walk around
on the floor at
night to stop around.
Look at her footsteps
here on the floor.
You'll see at
replay here, there's
sort of a white light that
swoops down to the right.
And after that white light,
look, you'll see one step--
>>NOORY: This is not
trick photography, is it?
>>WARREN: -three step, almost
four steps right there.
This is not trick photography.
I know Daniel.
He's a graduate of my classes.
I've investigated with him.
Look again.
We have step, step, step.
Now, you see, she's there.
She's in the room,
but you can't see her.
She's invisible.
>>NOORY: Is that a person?
>>WARREN: It's a spirit.
>>NOORY: A spirit.
Right.
>>WARREN: So she's there.
You can see her footsteps,
but she is actually invisible.
Now, these invisible forces,
they also have physical force.
So look at this.
This is from Asheville,
North Carolina.
This is a door of a haunted
bar that swung open at 8:30
in the morning.
>>NOORY: There's nobody there?
>>WARREN: No.
It was locked.
It set off the alarm system.
It had a big metal
bar on the outside
to prevent anybody from
accessing it from the outside.
>>NOORY: And that was
captured by their--
>>WARREN: By their
security system.
>>NOORY: By their
security cameras.
>>WARREN: So we have
evidence in those two clips
that you have these paranormal
entities that are invisible.
Even though they're
right there in the room,
you can see their
footsteps and how
they affect the environment.
And also, they can
have physical force.
How much force does
it take to push open
that big old door in that bar
by pressing on the crash bar?
We're talking about
these entities
that are physically present.
They have physical force.
They're just invisible.
>>NOORY: Are we being observed
by these spirits and we
don't even know it?
>>WARREN: I believe that we
are being observed all the time
by spirits and other beings
that we would usually
consider interdimensional.
There is no reason whatsoever
to think scientifically
that life must exist
exclusively within this range
that you and I call physical--
that is physical to us.
Physicality is a relative thing.
So therefore, we see how
giant and vast and complex
the observable universe is.
Within all that,
scientists tell us there
are at least 10 or
11 dimensions which
we can barely even comprehend.
And it's, I think, safe to think
that many of those dimensions
would have other forms of life
that are capable of observing
us sometimes just like we are
sometimes capable of observing
them.
And during that
overlap period is
when we say we've had a
paranormal encounter, when
we get a glimpse of
a ghost or a Bigfoot
or an alien or one
of these other things
that defies any
ordinary description.
>>NOORY: What is a
rice-thought experiment?
And we're going to take
a look at it in a second,
but what is that?
>>WARREN: Well, of course,
you and I are spirits.
We just happen to have a body.
And when you have a
spirit, that means
you're able to direct thought.
And we forget that a
lot because thoughts
are invisible intrinsically.
>>NOORY: Supposed to be.
>>WARREN: Yeah.
You don't see the
direct thought,
but you do see the outcome
of thought applied over time.
And so I did a very
simple experiment.
I'd heard about this, but
I wanted to see for myself,
where I took three jars of rice.
>>NOORY: Just regular rice.
>>WARREN: Regular, yeah.
Uncle Ben's white rice.
And it's mainly water and
air, so it's a great subject
similar to a human body.
Human bodies are
mainly water and air.
One jar, I wrote the
word "love" on it.
The other jar, I
wrote the word "hate."
The other jar, I just
wrote the word "ignore."
And for two months,
I would consistently
say positive things to the
love jar and negative things
to the hate jar.
And even though you couldn't
see the thoughts coming out
of my head, these thoughts
had a visible physical impact
on these things
after two months.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at your experiment.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>WARREN: This jar says
"love," this jar says
"hate," and this
jar says "ignore."
A scoop of rice, out
it in the love jar,
put it in the hate jar,
put it into the ignore jar.
I love you.
Next jar, this is the hate jar.
You disappointing piece of--
Let's start with the love jar.
Looks pretty good.
So this is the hate jar.
This is much more brown.
The ignore jar.
This is the love jar.
This is the hate jar.
This is the ignore jar.
The jar that has "love"
on it, after two months,
has the healthiest
looking white fluffy rice.
It's pretty weird.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: That's amazing, Josh.
I want to talk to you about
that in just a moment.
But this reminds me
of the experiments
of the late Dr. Emoto, who
experimented with water.
And what he did is he would have
some water, he would freeze it,
but before he froze it
and took a sample of it
and looked under
a microscope, he
would bombard it with
beautiful soft music
or really harsh music.
And every time he froze the
water crystals, looked at it
under a microscope,
the water that
had been bombarded with
pleasant sweet music,
as we would call it, the
crystals looked gorgeous.
But the harsh music, bombarding
with this high energy
rat-tat-tat, they were
all discombobulated.
They looked horrible.
How does that work?
>>WARREN: Well, I think it's
exactly like what we're seeing
here in the rice experiment,
that when you produce--
>>NOORY: Intention.
>>WARREN: -yeah, harmonious,
loving, peaceful thoughts,
it produces an abundance.
And, of course, you can see what
Dr. Emoto was doing with water
and what I've done
with Para-Cymatics.
It's very similar in
a way because when
you put a nice, harmonious,
peaceful, pleasant frequency
into the water, it
created something
that's like a snowflake.
But negativity, it doesn't
have that kind of harmony,
and it comes across as a
very rough, blistering thing,
and you get all these sort of
terrible, misshapen patterns
that come out of it.
And it's also similar to
what Cleve Backster was
doing with primary perception.
>>NOORY: With plants.
>>WARREN: Yeah, using
plants and subjecting them
to these different frequencies
and seeing how they would grow.
So this again takes
us to the idea
that we have an
invisible component
to ourselves-- our thoughts.
That's why the
mind-body relationship
is so difficult to understand.
And by mastering
that and focusing
on what we want to happen,
we can rearrange our world
in pretty profound
positive ways.
It's like taking your thoughts
and turning them into music.
But if you don't do that and
you don't stay disciplined,
you can just put a lot of noise
out there which creates chaos.
>>NOORY: What does this tell
you about this invisible world
we're dealing with?
>>WARREN: Well, this invisible
world shows me that we are very
narrow-minded and egocentric
often because we think so much
about that
got-to-see-it-to-believe-it
attitude.
And that has held us back
a lot in our research.
Most of the world is, in
fact, invisible to us.
You can look at the
electromagnetic spectrum,
and there's this tiny
little sliver there
we call visible light--
red, orange, yellow, green,
blue, indigo, violet.
Outside of that,
you have ultraviolet
and then you get
into gamma rays.
And then on the other end,
the low end, you have infrared
and then you get into radio
waves and microwaves and all
these things.
So that's just
what we know about.
We are this tiny little
sliver of human interaction
within this huge spectrum
of life and information
that's surrounding us
on a day-to-day basis.
And so we get to observe that
sometimes, but better yet,
we can tap into it with our
minds, with our consciousness.
And we can use it to make
the world a better place.
And I think if
everybody's happy then
we're going to have
a much happier world.
So we need to do everything we
can to make the world a better
place by giving people tools
to create something positive
for themselves.
>>NOORY: Have you tried to
contact the spirit world?
>>WARREN: Absolutely, yeah.
>>NOORY: Success?
>>WARREN: I have
had some success.
The thing about trying to
contact the spirit world
is often you get glimpses.
You get bits and pieces.
But having a full conversation
is a little more complex.
And recently, my friend Dean
Warsing came to Las Vegas.
Dean is a professor of EVP
at a college in Maryland.
>>NOORY: Electro
voice phenomena.
>>WARREN: Electronic
He is one of these guys who
goes out to cemeteries and stuff
and he takes an audio
recorder, and he
talks to the presumed spirits
and tries to get a voice.
>>NOORY: And then
you don't know it
until you take the recorder
back and listened to it, right?
>>WARREN: That's
usually how it works.
So he came to Vegas.
He said, let's go out and do
an experiment at a cemetery.
I said, OK, but let's
take it to the next level.
Instead of just walking out
into a cemetery with a recorder,
I had a little vacuum
chamber with me.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>WARREN: And I took
two identical recorders,
and I synchronized
them so they're
both recording at the
same moment, same time.
I put one of them inside
the vacuum chamber,
and I left the other one
outside the vacuum chamber.
Now, then he conducted a session
talking to the tombstones,
basically.
When this was all
over, I should have
been able to play those
audio recorders back and find
that the one inside
the vacuum was silent.
Because in a vacuum,
there is no way
the sound vibrations
can penetrate
to reach the recorder.
>>NOORY: You've given us a
video of this vacuum experiment.
>>WARREN: Watch what
happened when I played back
the recordings-- the one from
in the vacuum synchronized
with the one outside the vacuum.
>>NOORY: All right, I
look forward to this.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>WARREN: Three, two, one.
[CLAPS] That's our reference
point for all this.
So now, I want to stick
this into the vacuum.
According to D Minder,
the UV is three right now.
Where I have two
identical audio recorders
that are both synchronized.
The only difference
between them right now,
as they are actively
reporting, is that one of them
is inside a vacuum chamber,
which I've pumped 15 times.
And so no acoustic
vibrations should be
able to affect us in any way.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>WARREN: So on the top, we
have the one in the vacuum,
and the bottom is the
one outside the vacuum.
>>NOORY: What are
we looking at here?
>>WARREN: On the top,
you see some type
of strange interference that
was occurring inside the vacuum
when nothing should
have been recorded.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK]
>>WARREN: But if
we get something
on the one that's
in the backyard
but we don't get anything
on the one that's
outside the backyard, that would
lead me to believe something
profound had
occurred, that there
was some type of an
inexplicable force that
had targeted the
interior [STATIC]
of [STATIC] specific
digital recorder
and imprinted a message.
On the other hand, if we
get [INTERFERENCE] the one
that's outside [INTERFERENCE].
As soon as I started explaining
what I was hoping to achieve,
guess what?
Something started hitting that
recorder inside the vacuum.
>>NOORY: And that was
why you got that static?
>>WARREN: Yes.
And now it starts
answering Dean's questions.
[AUDIO PLAYBACK]
>>DEAN WARSING: What
did you do for a living?
Do you have a particular talent
you'd like to tell us about?
[LOUD THUMP]
[END PLAYBACK]
>>WARREN: And this went on for
the entire recording, George.
I've done this
experiment before.
>>NOORY: How do you come
up with these experiments?
>>WARREN: Well, when
people are walking around
with some type of a recorder,
often they'll play it back
and they'll get some
weird sound but they
don't know what caused it.
It could have been
their stomach growling
when they weren't aware of it.
It could have been a breeze.
It could have been a board
cracking in the house.
So I've always thought,
let's have a control here,
a reference point that
we put inside the vacuum.
Because if you get a recording
on the outside of the vacuum
but not inside, then you'll know
this was just air vibration.
If you get one that's
both in the vacuum
and outside the vacuum--
>>NOORY: Something's going on.
>>WARREN: It was an
electromagnetic field
was hitting.
But when you get something
inside the vacuum
but not outside
the vacuum, that's
the weirdest result you can
get because what that means is
that some intelligence was
able to specifically pinpoint
that particular device
in that chamber.
>>NOORY: And direct the sound.
>>WARREN: And direct the
sound onto that device.
And so I've done this
experiment before.
You get nothing in
the vacuum chamber.
But let me tell
you one more thing
that's fascinating about this.
Not only did we get results with
this interference apparently
communicating with us,
but shortly thereafter it,
Dean looked up and flipped
out and said, Josh,
did you see that?
He said he saw a
UFO flying overhead.
>>NOORY: No.
>>WARREN: A silver ball shot
over the top of the cemetery.
So since then, a lot
of people have told me
they've had similar experiences.
They go to hunt ghost or
whatever at cemeteries,
and they end up seeing a UFO.
There's even film of
this-- footage of this.
So is there a connection between
spirits and ghost and UFOs
or is that just coincidence?
Were we communicating
with the spirit
or were we communicating
with something from the UFO?
These are a lot of little issues
to sort out, but it's amazing.
>>NOORY: What's your
gut tell you, Josh?
>>WARREN: I feel like
that we were communicating
with a spirit but that
there was something
interested in that UFO.
It was checking out
what we were doing
because UFOs seemed to be
conscious sensitive entities.
>>NOORY: Like it showed up
because of the experiment?
>>WARREN: Probably, yes.
>>NOORY: Just to inquire?
>>WARREN: It was curious.
And there are people
who'd go out in the field
and they meditate, and they'd
try to telepathically connect
with UFOs and send them down--
stuff like Dr.
Steven Greer does.
And it may be that
when you're out there
and you are sending out this
sort of communication vibe,
you might not even be
thinking about aliens
but you're hitting them at
the same time you're hitting
the spirits in the graveyard.
>>NOORY: Remember
the late Ed Grimsley?
>>WARREN: I do.
>>NOORY: Ed would bring his
night vision goggles out
on the top of buildings
and look at UFOs.
And I'm not sure
he manifested them
or if they were already there.
>>WARREN: That's always one of
the big issues-- the chicken
or the egg, the causality.
And a lot of times,
when people are
trying to communicate
with spirits,
they might use a Ouija board
or they use some pendulums
or something like that.
And you're wondering,
well, is the person
influencing the
outcome subconsciously?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WARREN: And that's why I
say using these types of tools
or electronic tools, they
might give you bits and pieces.
They might be kind of helpful.
But I tell people
who really want
to go out and try to communicate
with a spirit, here's
my advice, you can't
really sit down
and talk to a dog or a dolphin
and speak English and tell them
what you want them to do.
They're not going to get it.
You have to show them.
You have to have a different
sort of language or interface
in common.
So if you sit down with a
dog and you say to the dog,
go get that stick, dog doesn't
know what you're talking about.
So if you pick up the stick
and you show the stick
and you throw it
and you point at it,
and then if they go and
they're smart enough to get it,
you give them a treat.
They go, oh, OK.
So it's a very demonstrable
form of communication.
And I think that there
are beings around us that
would love to just show up and
have a conversation with us,
but that's no easier
for them to do
than it is for us to do that.
So there's another
way to communicate
with these beings that is
usually more effective,
and it deals with shaping
your daily experience
through synchronicity.
In other words, let's
say you get up one day
and you say to your deceased
grandmother, Grandmother,
I would love to have an
interaction with you today,
and you put that out there.
And then you go about your day.
Maybe you'll walk
past a window, you'll
see some flowers in
the window of a shop,
and it's her favorite flowers.
And then you walk into the
shop and there's a book there,
and that book has them.
And in their signs and symbols--
>>NOORY: Or you smell her
perfume or something like that.
>>WARREN: This is
how you usually
are able to tap into that
information of the spirit
realm.
Because cosmologists
and astrophysicists
tell us that there is no
such thing as past, present,
and future.
It's all happening
at once, and we're
sort of moving through it.
So your grandmother is still
alive somewhere in this plane.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>WARREN: And you
have to open your mind
in terms of how
that communication
forum is going to emerge.
And if you do that,
you will be led on
to a path that gives you
profound communication
with certain entities and
even the universe itself.
>>NOORY: What is a paranormal
hotspot, Josh, and then gravity
mapping?
>>WARREN: [CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: And we're going to look
at a little video in a second.
But what are they?
>>WARREN: OK, so this is one
of the most interesting things
that I'm working on right now.
Of course, a paranormal
hotspot is just
a place that is famous for some
kind of paranormal activity.
And so I decided to use
my years of research.
And one of the great
things about what I do
is it's multifaceted.
I don't just research one area.
I research just
about everything.
>>NOORY: Multiple, yeah.
>>WARREN: And I decided
to look at the whole world
and take famous sites in the
realms of the ghostly, UFOS,
sacred sites, cryptids and
plot them on this global map.
So for example, in terms
of famous haunted sites,
I might pick Transylvania,
the Tower of London,
the Winchester
Mansion; UFO sites, I
might pick Area 51,
Roswell, maybe even
Tunguska; cryptid sites, Loch
Ness, Point Pleasant, West
Virginia, Bluff
Creek, California.
>>NOORY: Bigfoot sighting spots.
>>WARREN: Sacred sites might be
Bethlehem, the Great Pyramids,
Chichn Itz.
>>NOORY: The Dome.
>>WARREN: Yeah.
Yes, that's in the--
Temple Mount and Machu Picchu.
And I color-coded
all these things
and plotted them on a map.
And I started looking
at comparisons
between the patterns and
other Earth mapping systems,
and I realized that
no matter what kind
of sacred site or
paranormal hotspot
it was, it seemed
to have a tendency
to match up with places on
Earth that often have a weaker
gravitational field.
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
Let's look at what you and
your team uncovered here.
And what are we doing here?
>>WARREN: That's just a
list, like I was mentioning,
of some of the types of
places that I've color-coded.
I went to NASA's Jet Propulsion
Lab outside of Pasadena
where they actually--
>>NOORY: There you are.
>>WARREN: Yeah,
and I studied what
they call the GRACE-FO
Project, which
measures all the gravitational
anomalies around the world.
I talked to some of
the top scientists.
So this is an example of
some of the plotting here.
Now, look at what
happens when we overlay
this with a NASA gravity map.
Now on these particular
maps, areas of weaker gravity
shows up in red.
Now look what happens--
>>NOORY: Which looked
like the whole country.
>>WARREN: Well, look at this.
See those plot points?
Look what happens when
I bleed in the red color
how those plot points
start matching up.
Now, of course, look at that.
All around the edge
the country where
we have most of these hotspots,
that's where you have that red.
Europe is almost entirely red.
>>NOORY: It's all
over the place.
>>WARREN: And look what
happens as we even take--
we take a look at this
trailing down toward Australia.
Even parts of
Australia, where people
report the most
paranormal phenomena,
have that weaker gravity.
There's a connection
between weak gravity
spots and paranormal phenomena.
>>NOORY: You generated some
national publicity in 2018
with the Vegas time warp.
Tell us about that.
What is that?
>>WARREN: Well, gravity
binds things together.
It holds everything together.
And so when you
have weaker gravity,
it loosens things
up a little bit.
I think of it as
thinning the veil.
It's like it allows us to
interact a little bit more
with other realms.
Thinning the veil
with weak gravity.
And so I was really
interested in seeing
if I could find a place where
time might flow differently
because of some
gravitational anomaly.
And a friend of
mine in California,
an engineer named
Ronald Heath, invented
this device called a
DT-Meter, or differential
time rate meter, which
is able to show you
if time is slowing
down or speeding up
by very, very small margin,
just a split second.
Since I was living
in Las Vegas, I
said, well, I may as
well drive up to Area 51
and see if I get any
distortions around that base.
>>NOORY: And don't get arrested.
>>WARREN: Yeah, right.
I've never crossed the fence.
And on the way up
there, I was stopping
in the desert about
every 20 miles
taking readings as controls.
At Area 51, I didn't
pick up anything unusual.
But at this sort
of nondescript spot
on the side of the road in
the desert north of Las Vegas,
I found that time slowed down
for a fraction of a second.
>>NOORY: Even if milliseconds.
>>WARREN: That's right.
It was 25 microseconds
per second.
But it's not supposed
to do that at all.
And then afterward, I found out
that that is one of the biggest
UFO hotspots in the country.
>>NOORY: There you go.
>>WARREN: People have
gotten lots of footage
there, pictures there.
They've had close
encounters there.
So right now, George, I am
working on some technology that
might be able to create a
miniature time machine that
would slow time down by
a fraction of a second
in order to enhance
paranormal phenomenon.
>>NOORY: If you got
into a time machine,
would you go
backwards or forwards?
>>WARREN: It would be
easier to go backward.
And I think I probably--
if I had a choice, though,
I would go backward because I
would be interested in seeing
history as it actually
played out as opposed--
>>NOORY: What point of time
would you like to go to first?
>>WARREN: I'd love to go to
Nikola Tesla's laboratory
and see some of the
stuff that he was doing.
>>NOORY: I'd like to
go see Jesus preaching.
>>WARREN: I would go
back to Jesus, his time.
I'd like to see the crucifixion.
>>NOORY: I'd want
to be a witness.
>>WARREN: I'd like
to see dinosaurs.
But there are all kinds
of fascinating things
throughout history
that we missed out on.
I'm going to see
PT Barnum's museum
in New York, what kind of
crazy stuff did that guy have.
I mean, there are so many
fun things that you could do.
But I don't think we'll be able
to travel that far back anytime
soon.
But the way things are
going in the world,
I think I'd rather go back in
time than go in the future.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: I'm not going there.
Josh, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>WARREN: I thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Great work.
Joshua Warren is showing us
the invisibility cloaking
techniques and how they work,
and the reports of spirits,
UFOs, magical manifestations.
And if you want to find
out more about Josh's work,
go to his website,
joshuapwarren.com.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]